want to know what's heating up theaters
this weekend an heiress believes that
she is haunted by the souls of those
killed by a rifle in Winchester the
house that ghost built I can feel it you
can save your friends or you can save us
all a young hero leads his friends on
their final and most dangerous mission
yet in Maze Runner the death cure in
desolation three people travel into the
remote wilderness on a solemn mission
but are disturbed by a mysterious hiker
do you see what's hot in theaters with
this week's fantasy patient so what's
your weekend ticket going to be let us
know by commenting see you next time on
weekend ticket
[Music]